Support/eng learning collab (#2963)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/support/eng-support-learn-from-eachother.md

# How engineering and support learn from each other

When set-up for it, engineering and support teams have so much to offer each other. This is how we have set-up our teams to realize the benefits of learning from each other and the discrete workflows and work focuses of each team. And, of course, everything here aligns with support’s desire to be as self-sustaining as possible, where our success is felt most when we are able to understand common troubleshooting patterns, diagnostic steps, and tools, etc with less reliance on engineering in order to solve issues faster for our customers.

## Data sharing

> CS categories all customer inquiries so that we can get better insight into trends and identify opportunities for improvement. CSEs also share qualitative data about customer context and/or issues to ensure we fully consider what is best for the customer in our decision making.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CS categorizes all customer inquiries so that we can get better insight into trends and identify opportunities for improvement. CSEs also share qualitative data about customer context and/or issues to ensure we fully consider what is best for the customer in our decision making.
```
(I think this is what was intended)

## Team rotations

* **CSEs rotate on Distribution.** As part of CSE onboarding, sometime during a CSE’s first or second month, they join the Distribution team for an iteration. During this period, it’s as if the CSE is part of the Distribution team, pairing with members of Distribution to learn as much as possible. The CSE stops taking new customer support tickets the Thursday prior to their rotation, so they have as little support work to follow-up on as possible during the rotation. (If a CSE feels a customer requires a transition of responsibility on a ticket, they can raise this to the team for discussion in our #customer-support-team Slack channel.) The CSE also does the rotation with the intent of sharing the knowledge they learn with the rest of their CSE teammates. 
* **CSEs rotate on other engineering teams.** Depending on interest and timing with all involved, CSEs may also do rotations in other teams. These will be carefully coordinated to make sure that we always have enough help available to our customers. If a CSE is interested, they can start the process by talking with Virginia to determine next steps.

> * **Members of engineering rotate on support.** There is tons of value in working directly with customers and seeing the variety of questions and issues that come up across our entire customer base. Any member of engineering who is interested in working in support for a day or even a week, just needs to let the support team in #customer-support-chat and we will make it happen. Starting in FY22Q2, all new hires in engineering will do a 3 day rotation in support as part of their onboarding, as well as an annual rotation.

Author: I do still need to link Zendesk to Slack for such a channel. But when  working in support, we would give Zendesk access

## Team to team retros
We are not quite a big enough team to have folks pair long term with one team. From time to time, however, we may want to retro with a team. We can do this in a few ways, depending on the preference of those involved:

* A CSE can join the existing engineering team’s retro session and participate (great for casual collaboration, when there isn’t anything specific, and if the engineering team agrees)
* The CS team and X engineering team can schedule a time to do a dedicated retro together on a topic, how they are working together, etc

> * A CSE and one rep from each engineering team can join in a org wide session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A CSE and one rep from each engineering team can join in an org wide session
```

## Root cause focus
It can be hard to focus on the root cause. It can be far too easy to focus on solving for a symptom instead. CSEs know to keep this focus and how to divide the work so that we offer a quick solution and are able to plan for the deeper work to address the underlying issue.

## Support rotation donut pairing

> The engineering doing support rotation for their team can join the #customer-support-weekly-pairing Slack channel and be paired with a CSE for a focused coffee-style chat with the following agenda:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The engineer doing support rotation for their team can join the #customer-support-weekly-pairing Slack channel and be paired with a CSE for a focused coffee-style chat with the following agenda:
```

* If CSE and engineer haven’t met before: intros, otherwise, casual catch-up
* Engineer: what’s going on on my team? What’s being built? What am I (personally) building?
* CSE: what’s going on in support, in general? What’s going on with supporting (search|code-intel|$TEAM)? What have been my pain points (personally)?
* (Optional): CSE or engineer: bring any topics you’d like to learn about

If the donut app pairs two engineers, we can do some swapping to ensure CSE and SWE pairings.

## On-demand training materials
Whenever an engineer or a CSE has the desire/time to create training materials they feel will help CS and that can be available on-demand (written or video), it’s as easy as:

1. Create it
2. Upload it to [the enablement folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1SSOwnsX_yNFadod88AQOxmFiINDgYoRr) in the CS shared drive and/or on the handbook CS [enablement page](support-enablement.md)
 
## Documentation
We have a shared responsibility to maintain and improve docs.sourcegraph.com. Whenever a CSE identifies a gap or something that needs to be updated, we will either:

> * Make the edit (or create) on the actual docs page (in Github) and seek review from the appropriate engineering team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make the edit on (or create) the actual docs page (in Github) and seek review from the appropriate engineering team
```

> * Explain what is missing and ask that the appropriate engineering team fill in the gaps/needs we have identified that we don’t yet know by filing a docs issue here and tagging the right team + adding the docs tag

Reviewer: Is the word "here" supposed to link to something? Also, the sentence reads a little strange at the moment, and ends with both "and" and "+". Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
* File a docs issue [here](TODO: missing link) explaining what is missing, and tag it as `docs` as well as tagging the appropriate engineering team to fill in the gaps/needs we have identified
```

Or something like that.

When we work on documentation, we…

> * Remind ourselves that the vision set forth by our product team for our docs is to align with the the organizational approach outlined in https://documentation.divio.com/, especially [the how-to section](https://documentation.divio.com/how-to-guides/) and [their examples](https://docs.divio.com/en/latest/how-to/) (how-to is the doc type we create/improve to most)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remind ourselves that the vision set forth by our product team for our docs is to align with the the organizational approach outlined in https://documentation.divio.com/, especially [the how-to section](https://documentation.divio.com/how-to-guides/) and [their examples](https://docs.divio.com/en/latest/how-to/) (how-to is the doc type we create/improve the most)
```

* Remind ourselves of [the guidelines for contributing to product documentation](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/product_documentation), as well as [the content creation guidelines](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/communication/content_guidelines)

> * Note that troubleshooting documentation = how-to documentation in this approach and the problem

Reviewer: I don't know what "and the problem" means here. (Also, I'd probably use `==` instead of `=` because programming. Either that, or just say "means" instead of "=".)

Author: Got it. Updated to make this clearer.

> * We want every page in our docs to have a single purpose (it may take us awhile to redo what is there, but keep this in mind for creating/revising)

Reviewer: This doesn't follow the sentence fragment pattern that the others do: "When we work on documentation, we…" You might consider beginning each bullet point with ellipsis-and-lower-case to make it more clear for folks editing this in the future.

Author: Got it. Updated to make this clearer.

> * If we move a page, we add a redirect for the old URL [here](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/-/blob/doc/_resources/assets/redirects)

Reviewer: Same as above: doesn't follow the sentence fragment pattern: "When we work on documentation, we…"

Author: Got it. Updated to make this clearer.

|Focus|CSE Responsible|Status|
|---|---|---|
|API docs|TBD||
|Batch changes|TBD||
|Code insights|TBD||
|Code intelligence|Warren|In-progress; Eric completed [v1](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_intelligence/references/troubleshooting)|
|Core application|Stompy|In-progress|
|Distribution|Giselle|In-progress|
|Extensibility|Beatrix|In-progress|
|Frontend platform|TBD||
|Search (core and product)|Adeola|In-progress|
|Security|TBD||

## Projects
Some engineering teams have a way for a CSE to take on a scope-bound project (like taking responsibility for a small Github issue). This isn’t easy for all teams and it’s better if we start with a conversation than jumping in. The best place to start is with Virginia just in case she has helpful context she has forgotten to share. And also consider the following…

### If you are interested in frontend development...

> Our Frontend Platform team welcomes you to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our [Frontend Platform team](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/web/frontend-platform) welcomes you to:
```

1. Learn [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) and [React](https://reactjs.org/)

> 2. Learn how to write unit test with [Jest](https://jestjs.io/docs/getting-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Learn how to write unit tests with [Jest](https://jestjs.io/docs/getting-started)
```

3. Read [Developing Sourcegraph ](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev)
4. Read [Web Client Development ](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/web)
5. Read [Sourcegraph’s testing principles](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/testing_principles)
6. Read [how Sourcegraph tests web code](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/testing_web_code)
7. Explore [the frontend codebase ](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/tree/main/client)
8. Explore [Frontend-platform GitHub issues](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/labels/team%2Ffrontend-platform)

> 9. It's best to start with issues with the good first issue label 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Start with issues with the `good first issue` label 
```
(All of the other points start with an imperative verb.)

> 8. Explore [Frontend-platform GitHub issues](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/labels/team%2Ffrontend-platform)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Explore [Frontend Platform GitHub issues](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/labels/team%2Ffrontend-platform)
```

## Documentation
We have a shared responsibility to maintain and improve docs.sourcegraph.com. Whenever a CSE identifies a gap or something that needs to be updated, we will either:

* Make the edit on (or create) the actual docs page (in Github) and seek review from the appropriate engineering team
* File a docs issue [here](TODO: missing link) explaining what is missing, and tag it as `docs` as well as tagging the appropriate engineering team to fill in the gaps/needs we have identified

When we work on documentation, we…

> * ...remind ourselves that the vision set forth by our product team for our docs is to align with the the organizational approach outlined in https://documentation.divio.com/, especially [the how-to section](https://documentation.divio.com/how-to-guides/) and [their examples](https://docs.divio.com/en/latest/how-to/) (how-to is the doc type we create/improve to most)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ...remind ourselves that the vision set forth by our product team for our docs is to align with the the organizational approach outlined in https://documentation.divio.com/, especially [the how-to section](https://documentation.divio.com/how-to-guides/) and [their examples](https://docs.divio.com/en/latest/how-to/) (how-to is the doc type we create/improve the most)
```
